Senator, did you hear Mr. Adams on his course examination in an open game, scary nisman?
Fate, the General Lawton was correct when Lawton gave a written statement, secreted by
the General Lawton to Captain Corps to participate, that Adams, that John Adams,
Downsword of the Psycho-K, called General Lawton and asked him my phone and stated that
over the telephone, quote, I hope you continue to play the withdrawal circumstances which you
have recommended for removing his bad security risks.
I met two of that requests from the part of Mr. Adams, Lawton replied that he was not and
further replied both Mr. Secretary, to responsibility.
I hear Mr. Adams, stay here under oath that that was any correct.
I heard he's testimony and it was a lot of facts of their account.
Why did General Lawton ever remove his command and fordnummas?
Yes and no. General Lawton is still technically in command, but I understand that for the last four or five months,
he is not in a position to give a single order, he is merely a figurehead and thanks.
In fact, Mr. Jackson has been, the last time I heard about him, he was in the very unusual position of being on
sick leave from a hospital, rather an unheard of situation, to be on sick leave from a hospital.
So it's a far final, Mr. Lawton, while he is still technically in command all intents and purposes.
He has been removed lately.
Do you recall the Secretary's testimony here at the age to the effect in substance that General Lawton was one of his
great or outstanding generals of the Army?
I recall that and I would agree with that.
Then there was one of anything that you know about.
An incident of December 9th, which families have made, Mr. Adams, and you provide a map of the United States,
divided into some nine different areas.
I have no personal knowledge of that except the Mr. Cohn told me about the, what did Mr. Cohn tell you, occurred at that time?
The practically the same as he testified to here under a, what was that?
Senator, in substance, well namely that's Adams drew a map and I believe the nine sections I think it was,
as the Royal Hewitt tell him in what section we have our next investigation of anything having to do with the Army,
and that he would do that.
That Adams would give him information in that particular section on a very common area of the air core, something without effect.
Particularly with respect to home effectual health.
When Mr. Cohn met me I'd say in that connection, as I understood Mr. Adams, he said that the charges about home effectuals in the Army that is
had proven false to some of the effects of the disease and better to divide to that here on the witness deck.
The best of our knowledge is that one of those individuals is a substance.
And major is now in jail, the result of that investigation.
Do you recall about Mr. Adams of the air I'm afraid of the public for the sake of his name?
Do you recall about Mr. Cohn the late of that conversation between himself and Mr. Adams in relation to the date he delighted me at first with December 9th?
Was it all that date? Was it the very so bad? There was a good day after.
I frankly wouldn't know.
Then again, your next allegation in your answer are things.
Is that Mr. Cohn and Mr. Adams stop to prevent your bringing before you to meeting members of the law you're going for examination?
Mr. Adams, correct.
The law's going into decay with Senator McCarthy. I believe the record shows that subsequent senior, the official of the duties of the chairman of this committee,
Mr. D. Adams's government printing office was respect to communists and subverses. Is that correct?
Yes, sir. The afternoons result in the suspension of a number of employees in the government printing office.
Do you recall about how many?
I am very tall. It was 14, I think.
I've got to take that.
In the course of that investigation did you, the senior, and bring before you to meeting members of that law you're the board?
I did. I saw most particular individuals that were suspicious.
We did. Did you encounter any opposition in the bringing before you to your committee? The members of that law you were the board?
None whatsoever. Mr. Wattonberger, we had a pretty funny office told us that he wanted us to expose anything by way of communism or wrongdoing and the funny office,
but he would take action. And we just just the fact that we had the power of the senior, the leader of that power and that therefore working together which could be a great servicess.
Senator, I believe that security army has no power to be threatened.
Do you know any presidential directives and existence to detain that were presently bringing before the members of the law you're the board?
Either in the army, the printing office or in the department of the department. I don't know of any directives that were prevented from coming before the board.
I think under the old rule and the right of, there are certain evidence they should not give once they're before the committee.
And I say with the tank and my take to the victims that there's no one except the president.
Can we use these to appear once they are before the committee? If they are asked questions, the answer to which might violate any valid regulation or any law or the security of the nation.
That's why I can refuse to answer but they can't execute you here.
Do you know of any law? That's the reason. If the feeling and bringing before your committee, I remember of the law you're the board.
No, in fact, may I say with the time I do know of law however, which was passed at a time when the members also, just to praise the authority.
This was sponsored incidentally by a Bob LaFalla senior with Chantam in 1912.
As far as I know, the civil existence provides that the right of persons employed in the civil service of the United States either individually or collectively to position Congress or to put information.
Either a host of Congress or to any committee or a member of the shall not be denied or interfered with.
Now that's Mr. Dixon who's the first final is the law of the land. I don't think that can be nullified by any presidential law.
And why is it that now you position Congress? That under that law you had the aid of rights to subpoena and bring before you committee members of the law you board.
Absolutely. I don't think you were there not only about December 16th you first was Mr. Adam, very nice Mr. Adam.
If you were going to have brought before you committee members of the law you board who had placed upon these, how many stories of British, whose distinction had been brought about?
No, Mr. Dixon's last letter. I don't recall the first, just the first of which I publicly stated in the record.
Time after time, beginning early in my, early in my council hands with some of the dates that I, the paper is supposed to be as after the completion.
As I said, time after time Mr. Dixon's I have stated that while I felt it was extremely important to dig out the individual coming.
I felt it is ten times more important to get the individuals before the committee who are responsible for their being in position for their contaminants and make them as I said just to have a counter and what's them do out doesn't do much good.
You've got to get out the source of it and find out why they're in government who gets them in there.
And that's the public information now. Mr. Tarr is apparently a no-year to the effect that the very first of September 2nd, again of September 3rd, September 4th, September 9th, September 17th, October 31, December 15th.
There were news stories of the attacks that I was demanding that ultimately we would have to get the old Truman board before the man make it clear that the taken of that board is no longer in existence as a board.
It has been abolished and the board however as far as we know, they are still working in the Pentagon.
Now while they're working on thickets, hot thickets, other classified materials, we have no way of knowing.
Who's gonna do it in the eye at the point? The members. I'll be allowing the board.
Secondary of the Army, I believe. I think they call this a screening board.
You recall a meeting on December 17th at which Mr. Adams was present and at which he had a discussion with respect to bringing the members of the board before your committee for examination.
In September 17th, I believe that the funding of my no-year to the pressure that they had received.
It's time to see what I was going to say. The pinpoint that I've made it was the day of that automobile arrive.
In the forenoon, over in the Court of the Holy Square, I made well on my son's route in the press.
We would have had the board's presence. I mean, I just just take 30 seconds to give you the background of this.
As we proceeded with these investigations, Mr. Danganron, we discovered that prior to our investigation, some 35 individuals had been suspended at force.
That's what my mom was. Then, when the first Army Loyalty Board, they first had built the first Army Loyalty Board.
As those 35 had been found on the fifth of the first Army Loyalty Board, on dangerous and marine island areas, then they appealed to the old human screening boards, which in fact were just mandatory in our hearings.
That all except two. The 33 were sent back to the sixth Red Eye Laboratory.
When we got that information, it's not time onward. I became more and more interested in Mr. Adams, that we have before us the Loyalty Board.
We had heard rumors that there was draft corruption involved, like one of the members on the board.
Had a communist front record himself, and you have to be about the 17th. On the 17th, I may have discussed that morning at the Holy Square.
I did it all with every day, but the conversation you have referenced to us, the conversation over a gas station's restaurant, I believe, that was about General Watt.
About the breaking of General Watt. The day before that Mr. Adams brought that matter up. Mr. Cohn and Mr. Cair were not in town. I called my office, and not for that purpose alone, but just to make sure that nothing was forgotten because I was living in X-ray.
I dictated a number on the law of the matter, and it was brought up the next noon, and we discussed it in great detail, Matt.
They were with considerable rigor in the part of the front.
Was there an animated discussion between Mr. Cohn and Mr. Adams on December 17th, in fact, you've got a lot of it. That was putting him mildly.
Did that discussion continue, Senator Watt, that Adams has been written or given in an automobile, and Mr. Cohn, to the railroad station?
Yes. Is that what that Huckle was about, Senator?
That was.
Why is this about any other subject? In the other subject? In the fine, there are integrated ways that subject?
As I recall, Dr. Cohn, that was the only subject now. There might have been other subjects, but that was the topic of conversation.
They were not getting back to the members of the lawyer board, and your difficulties with Mr. Adams was respect to that.
I want you to take that up, Senator, where we left off. That would be in January, but it's not.
We've started long before that.
There were announcements long before that, but you would ultimately bring before you committee members of the lawyer board for examination.
Yes, and I have been telling Mr. Adam Thompson play that. He would have to arrange that screening board, that loyalty board, before the matter reached the time I had, I was favoring Bob Stevens-Paul, the immediate board of the car alarm for help.
The study was waiting to go through the party. I said it was here, but I would like to ask you to do it. I think it was the A time saving device.
That is to take up connollyquistly. Any difficulty that you encountered with either Mr. Adams or Mr. Ceevin was respect to bringing before you committee members of the lawyer board.
I would like to ask you something that, if I could talk to you through.
We started out, I think, on the 31st, we had the security guard before us over in New York. At least that's the first time I mentioned we would want the loyalty board.
In time I would bring you up Mr. Adam, with a sexuality, with fairness, there were nothing titles with commerce, so he would have to fight under the presidential director, but they couldn't testify.
I told him that it had not really been done with handling a world of cases. It had to do with our own personal background, with allegations of dishonesty.
I would have come to be the deputy director. To Toronto State, that was the peak I would say on the 20th or 21st of January at the time in some of the Republican countries called me and told me that the super-Adam had been contacting them.
I was claiming in proper conduct an apartment or cone, so that time we had not thought of any titles against Mr. Car. That was time we had not thought of the titles against me, their principal target then was Mr. Cone.
For the benefit of the committee, I just read one paragraph from the committee.
Mr. Cone is retired as the January 20th or 21st State Quizzar and not on January 19th, one or two days prior to the events about which he was now focused on.
On January 19th, Mr. Adams came before the committee and was also here to request for him to be there with members of the board and that the members of the lawyer board were not with him.
I agree with him at the day of the day. Now, what conversation ensues that he and Mr. Adams of January 19th when he showed up before the lawyer board without any, before the committee, without members of the board being with him?
Mr. Duncan has had so many conversations with him about this, the political party and the day of the time.
But we give you a suggestion, remember, if it was the usual x-point to him that he would have to produce the members of the lawyer board, I have a record of that proceeding here, I believe.
The record of that here, I have a record of that, I believe, on my memory. Are you talking about the January 19th?
January 19th, there it.
I said, at this point, I would like to make clear that we are calling the members of the lawyer board not only to discuss with them whether they have cleared people who were obviously coming in us, but we are all through the matter of the draft, a ledges draft, and corruption, and misconduct.
On the part of the individual members of the board have a nothing to do with their official duties.
It is the same with general right-folder purchase.
It does not merely confirm loyalty board procedures, but has to do with many other things over which this committee not only has the jurisdiction for a duty to investigate.
I think that is a great picture of that, what I said to him at that time.
Did you recall putting a deadline upon his being before you to meet his members of the lawyer board?
To which January is the 22nd?
I think that I finally agreed to wait until Bob even came back. I'm not sure about that.
Human Roy?
I believe I did. I believe I did give him a deadline, Mr. Cohn.
I told him he had to have been by Friday. I think ultimately, I think ultimately I agree to his very comments.
To fool himself until Bob didn't judge back. That's my death project.
I'm talking about not even meeting with him on the 19th.
Apparently on that day he was just left to the record.
Senator McCarty is going through the record. Looks from a pause to come in to our studio at the cost of the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is the ADC television network.
I'm sorry, Mr. McCarty.
Here's here, so I've said Mr. McCarty, saying two of the records.
One of John's fields of department of the Army cannot do the same as the other departments have done.
Namely to order their people up here, then Friday have your subpoenas served.
And then there was some discussion about how many we wanted.
Finally kept the number down to five, so we might keep them waiting.
We'd have two in the morning and two in the afternoon.
And how the rest of them be following Tuesday, so there was a deadline.
Senator was in between that date.
19th of January and the deadline of Friday, which you would see as I understand it, the 22nd and the 5th Army will correct me.
That Mr. Adams went to certain members of this committee, now sitting in judgment on this case.
That's the last one I've heard here.
You heard their testimony getting in court here.
And I'm not only remembering the list of committee, but we find now there was a meeting in the Justice Department with certain White House age and Attorney General of substance, Attorney General of personal self.
That meeting being on January 21st is I recall.
January 21st is now.
And the events of that meeting not being available by reasonable presidential directives.
That's what I certainly mean by that.
That's just no criticism of the directive as far as I'm concerned.
Well, I may say I'm in favor. It's very frankly federal silent.
Senator.
On the night of January 22nd, did you ever meet Mr. Adams?
I did.
I believed that was in your apartment.
Out of the matter.
I will ask you whether or not later that night you received a call from the director of your staff at Frank Carl.
I received a call from Mr. Cohen, I almost had him there.
I asked Mr. Cohen to call back later.
Mr. Cohen to call back after Mr. Adams had left.
That's it, Mr. Carter.
I say you would let conversation better.
It was the only morning that Mr. Carter told me the Mr. Dirtian.
I told him and told him that...
Since we didn't cancel the propitons that there'd be something in the nature of embarrassing charges made public charges against Mr. Cohen, which would embarrass the committee.
Mr. Carter, at Valhue's gate, I see you're meeting with Mr. Adams on January 12th.
How does that?
That if you persisted in calling the members,
I'll ask you to align the board before you're committing.
We, Mr. Adams, would call certain charges to be made involving Mr. Cohen.
No, that is correct.
But anything said about the charges involving either you or Mr. Carter?
No.
And that information supposedly came from junior informants, some Senator Dirtian.
That is correct.
Senator Dirtian.
Senator Dirtian, let me ask you this question.
Let it be, Mr. Dirtian.
Your answer is statement, sir.
In addition to this specific question that I've asked you about your relationships with the security army,
and with Mr. Adams, are there other facts about which have not appeared, which you now want to tell the committee?
Yes, I think the most important meeting of the United of the 22nd January apartment was meeting last year.
So, three hours, perhaps.
That's between the meeting which we said, and which was that little trick.
All right, then.
As that time, Mr. Adams made a very clear for me that if we persisted in calling the members of the loyalty board,
that tried to against Mr. Cohen, that the made public as no mention of any charges against Mr. Carter against me.
I had a long discussion with him, I told him that we just would not be blackmailed other listeners as the engagement of that fashion.
But if they had any information about Mr. Cohen, which the committee or the public should know, that he could make the public, if he wanted to.
I think that we discussed that matter for all of the three hours.
It was unusual conversation.
Adams, the first attempt to convince me that the Sunrise is calling the loyalty board from the standpoint of public relations in the army.
We wouldn't get any information anyway, but under the presidential direction they couldn't talk.
Then he would suggest that I wait until Bob Stevenson came back.
I think I finally agreed to that, I'm not sure.
The combination of salesmanship and trust makes me very clear to me that if we would not fall off the hearings of the loyalty board, he didn't mention any individual come.
I think there's no concern about our victims' individual coming to us up with a scuffle there, and getting rid of them.
But the pan themselves, and we started to try to find out who was responsible, I said to John, as we're not investigating Bob Stevenson, they're long enough to clean house.
We can't clean house in one year where you've had this going on for 20 years, I said this was the old team.
I recall very vividly his answer, partly serious, partly unjust, as soon as he said, well, none of her, I am part of the old team.
What he was, he had been in the Pentagon sometimes, it ended by, my making is very clear to him that we in Canada to proceed to call the loyalty board members.
I frankly didn't think of them as Steven's little owl and he told charges to be mad, Mr. Cohen called me.
I told him about this over the phone, talked to him about that and we both partly agreed that they could go ahead and do whatever they wanted to,
that if we could be blackmailed out of one investigation by this type of a threat, it could stop the moot of software and need for the same type of blackmail, whenever we tried to get rid of the truckers,
and that's on our no circumstances should we exceed two of us, Adam's last knowing that was opposition.
Senator precisely what threat did Mr. Adams make that evening at your apartment's January 22nd, as so what he would do, it calls to be done, if you persisted in the evening and bring before your committee members to the loyalty board.
We claim that Roy had been using Jim Crow for influence to get such a consideration for Dave Chines that he was calling him almost every day, calling Bob Steven's almost every day on that,
and he indicated that they had the phone calls which would be extremely damaging and indicated that it might direct the committee so that we would better off to forget about this investigation,
because the one's father is having our committee right, that's right, I think that's roughly the, was that the most direct, the boldest threat that Adams had ever made up to that time, Senator?
Was he apparently saying you're making those threats?